# Final-project-Python-Course
This short Data-Science project contains a webcrawler and a topic model of the created corpus. The crawler scraped all articles of the Austrian newspaper [zackzack](https://zackzack.at/) from the 14th June of 2019 to the 15th June of 2021. Over 5500 articles have been scraped and added to a corpus. Using the LDA-algorithm and the gensim package, a topic model of the whole corpus has been created. To find the ideal number of topics, the Coherencemodel of the gensim library has been used for calculations. The Coherence Value has been determinded for the range of two to fortynine topics. Looking at the Coherence Value-graph, it can be observed that four topics is the ideal topic number statistically spoken. Looking at the terms of the topics, the first topic appears to be the clear main topic of the corpus. Its most common terms even can be spotted at the top of all the other topics. This could mean to things: a) The model does not represent the actual topics of the corpus very well or b) the newspaper is remarkably onedimensional in its article themes. There are definitely reasons which support the onedimensionality-thesis: The medium was founded in 2019 as a supporting newspaper for the former Austrian political party "Jetzt – Liste Pilz". While its editorial staff can be considered small, the newspaper had a significant impact on political news reporting in Austria. It has become notorious for its news campaigns about the Austrian chancellor Sebastian Kurz and the the Austrian people's party, the ÖVP. While the medium also publishes articles about other issues (life and culture for instance), most of its reports are concentrated on Austrian domestic politics with a strong focus on the alleged corruption of the Austrian chancellor and his political allies. This narrow subject focus might explain the rather small topic range of the conducted model.

Note: The souplist.txt file has not been added to the repository due to its large file size.
